I'll introduce it.
Welcome to the Family Hour of the Iowa
Blog.
We apologize for our tardiness here.
We have almost a full cast of characters.
In fact,
we have one down and one addition.
Kevin, nice to see you there.
You're out of my master and my pool
today,
so a very comfortable spot there for you.
Nice to have you with us.
And Kirk,
you've got another week before you begin
your...
your chemo so uh that's uh still looking
good still got all the hairs uh still
looking pretty sharp yeah we'll uh we'll
have one more good show with you and
then we'll have to uh yeah we may
have to have you wear a hat and
have sylvia prop you up but uh you're
you're in you're in good uh good humor
and then uh below that we have dr
jeff again uh from home good to see
you dr jeff how's life
Life is good.
I have a blood pressure and a pulse,
so I can't complain.
Well, this is good,
considering the alternative to those
things.
JB is on a field trip today,
so we won't have JB,
but we have both Rich in the corner
as well as...
as uh joe uh with us and leia
uh you're not showing up on screen for
some reason but maybe we'll get a uh
a picture of uh of leia here there's
uh leia to either get a whole screen
of leia and cara or no leia and
cara but nonetheless
You're looking fine.
You too, there, Cara.
I'm very, very, very happy.
And then we have Joe and Rich over
here and to the side.
We're actually going to begin tonight,
and why don't you just keep it on,
Leah.
She's going to introduce a song that we
posted almost two weeks ago.
I've had it pegged at the top of
my Facebook page ever since I heard it.
I love the song.
Leah's had more listens on her Facebook
page regarding this song than anything
else that she has done,
which is marvelous.
And I think it is a beautiful song.
Its lyrics do a marvelous job of
explaining precisely why we are here.
This song encapsulates our mission.
Yes.
This song, um,
I wrote for our eighth anniversary and it
is a song that I think is very
meaningful in its lyrics.
And, um,
Each year, we gift each other,
instead of material things,
I gift him a song,
and he gifts me a translation.
So lots of my translations are in the
books.
It's true.
Yes.
Many of them have made their way into
our lives.
our Yada Yawa series.
So this is, this is true.
This is how we have.
That's how we show our lives.
And our, our lives are pretty simple here,
aren't they?
Yes.
As Joe has found since he has arrived,
we have very, very simple,
very simple life doing really marvelous
things though.
So this is a,
a song that is an anniversary present,
but it encapsulates our,
life's work together our mission on behalf
of yahweh and his people so rich if
you wouldn't mind let's uh let's play uh
of days you showed your people your hand
to break the chains to free the land
a voice of truth a call so clear
to banish the lie and to conquer fear
you gave us a light the path made
right a covenant bound alive and sure but
hearts turn cold and see what we could
not as our minds grew blind we left
your truth the gift of life left behind
Oh, yeah.
Of all the families of earth,
you called us free from slavery's grip and
tyranny.
You gave us life.
You gave us liberation.
But we chose death.
We lost our place.
So freedom's calling and east winds it
cries.
Yet we chose chains beneath darkened
skies.
through your son,
taught our king so bold as to go
to shout for the restoration of our soul.
It breeds demands, the tyrant's voice,
the heavy yoke, the soul's enslaved,
the spirit choked.
But even now your door stands wide,
a refuge strong where truth resides.
Break every chain, reclaim the day,
walk in your house like the chosen way.
From slavery's grip and tyranny You gave
us life,
you gave us your son But we chose
death, we lost our place Oh,
freedom's calling and east winds it cries
Come gather around to see The great King,
Redeemer of Israel Yet we chose chains
beneath darkened skies Your love remains
still shining
Oh, hearts confined,
stop thinking like sheep and choose life,
seek truth, leave the woes behind.
Yeah, your heart was loved,
forever stays the light of a man to
guide our wandering way.
Thank you.
Powerful.
And that's the theme of the song that
I like is the realization that there's no
way home for Israel until they leave the
really this horrid
misleading,
counterproductive cult of Judaism.
Judaism is the chain that holds Israel
back.
The reason that they continue to suffer at
the hands of Muslims and anti-Semites the
world over,
the reason that life is so difficult,
the reason that the United Nations votes,
ninety to ten against them every occasion.
is because they're separated from Yahweh,
and there's no way back to Yahweh until
they break the chains of Judaism.
Judaism erased Yahweh's name.
Judaism annulled this important
relationship between the King of Israel,
Dod, who is the Messiah.
There is none other.
He is the Messiah.
He is the Son of God.
He is our Savior.
He's the one who fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Bekudim.
In thirty-three CE, year four thousand,
yeah.
He's the one who is returning in
twenty-thirty-three, year six thousand,
yeah.
If I may, she's the chained woman.
Chained to lover...
Her lovers are religion and politics.
Yeah.
And she's been kissing her lover's...
The whole time.
She has no interest in Yahweh.
That's the problem.
She's in love with those who have usurped
Yahweh.
That is the problem here.
She's the adulterous woman.
Yes, make no mistake.
She is the reason that Yahweh asked Hosha,
the prophet, to marry a religious whore,
a temple prostitute.
So when he issued his divorce decree
letter through Hosha to Israel saying,
I'm out of here.
I'm done with you.
I will not continue with you until you
clean up your act in return.
You need to give up this religiosity.
Otherwise,
I have nothing I can do with you.
I don't even want to be around you.
You're not teachable.
And so it was religion.
And yet the rabbis don't get it.
Those who are cultural Jews don't get it.
You're out.
Good God,
you're out lighting a nine candle menorah.
You absolute blithering idiots.
I mean,
a nine candle menorah over a civil war.
between people who were fighting for their
control, not over Israel.
They wanted control over the priesthood.
They wanted to replace Yahweh's plan,
which was Loewy and Cohen, with rabbis.
And a seven-branch menorah with their own.
And they replaced Yahweh's primary logo,
his symbol.
See it revolving on that tree above Leah
there.
It's a seven-candle menorah for a reason.
It is the path home.
And the reason is because it represents
the seven moed, which rabbis grew up to.
They have no clue what Passover actually
is.
It's the doorway to life.
It's not the day they left Mitzrayim,
Egypt.
They didn't leave Mitzrayim, Egypt.
They went to bed that night.
on Passover.
They left on Matzah,
because Matzah is when you separate
yourself from religion and politics.
Well, when you don't know the story,
you make it up.
And they don't celebrate Matzah,
and they ignore B'kodim.
And so they have no clue what Do
did in thirty-three Z.E.,
and not knowing that,
they're still chained to Mitzrayim.
It's as if they never left.
And they let the church steal Shabuwa,
turning it into Pentecost,
not recognizing it's the next harvest.
And Teruah, they replaced with...
Rosh Hashanah, still Babylonian.
It means the Babylonian New Year.
And the rabbis tout Rosh Hashanah as the
beginning of the high holy days.
It's nothing but like spitting in Yahweh's
face.
No, it's more like the middle finger.
Yeah,
they turned Yom Kippur on the day of
reconciliations when Yahweh is returning
with Dode, our king.
And they turned it into a day of
affliction.
Ah, ah, but for them it will be.
It will be for all religious Jews.
Well, no,
they won't be that day because they'll be
gone on Teruah.
But Black Chariot for you.
It's just appalling.
And there's not a single Jew on the
planet, apart from our community,
that has come to know that Sukkah is
about camping out with Yahweh.
It's about returning to the garden.
It's not living in a hut.
It's about living in a sheltered garden
when Yahweh resets the earth back to these
conditions.
They're clueless.
But when you take Yahweh's primary symbol,
the seven-candle menorah,
and you reconfigure it as a national
holiday and have it be nine candles,
that's far worse than the golden calf.
The golden calf mocked an Egyptian
religious belief.
It was the bull cult.
Changing the menorah to suit your...
fantasy,
religious fantasies and political
fantasies is far worse than the golden
calf.
And yet... Well,
isn't that what the golden calf was?
The religious fantasy?
We're into religious fantasies, aren't we?
Yahudi, we made up Allah.
Paul, the Yahud made up Jesus.
No, no, no.
I'm not buying that.
No.
The golden calf was, what, twenty-five,
thirty-five thousand Yahud that
participated in the golden calf.
And God killed them all, right?
Had the earth swallowed them.
Now it's about ninety-five percent of Jews
that celebrate Hanukkah, isn't it?
So it's upwards of twelve million,
fourteen million Jews that are spitting in
God's face by spitting
observing Hanukkah.
Why don't you find Hanukkah for me in
the Torah?
I'll give you the next two hours.
We'll be on air two hours.
Please.
Find Hanukkah for me.
Find a nine candle menorah.
Anywhere.
Other than your delusions.
Yeah.
Oh.
There's no quorum either.
There's no Rosh Hashanah.
Craig, Leah, Kirk, Kevin, Rich, and Joe,
rabbinical perfidy, malfeasance,
and mendacity have damned
millions perhaps more souls jewish souls
yahudi souls and have dissipated an equal
number and they continue to do so it
is lethal it is treacherous i mean it
is it is uh yes
That nine-candle menorah is so irritating
to God that, as I say,
you might as well just spit in his
face.
If you think you're going to have a
relationship with God,
you think this is a religious act that
draws you to God,
and all you're doing is antagonizing him
by corrupting his menorah.
Seven candles,
seven lights for the seven moed mikre.
And you can't figure it out?
It's just shame on you.
But look how it just screwed up.
Israel is.
The father of rabbinic Judaism is Akiva.
What did Akiva do?
Yeah, perpetrated a false messiah.
If the founder of your religion has
perpetrated a false messiah,
maybe he isn't a guy to follow.
You know, he had what,
thirty five thousand acolytes that all
died and then he blamed them for their
deaths.
I think it's almost Trump before his time.
Fewer people know Bar Kokhba than they
know the star, though.
Bar Kokhba means the son of a star.
Israel's six-pointed star comes from Bar
Kokhba.
It doesn't come from David.
His name wasn't David,
and he didn't have a star.
You're that screwed up.
And you're parading around religiously and
politically under the symbol that the
Roman Catholic Church and the Nazis
persecuted you under.
Why would you wear the symbol they made
you wear so they could perpetrate a
Holocaust against you?
Are you that sick?
Stockholm, perhaps.
It's beyond Stockholm.
Stockholm, there's an excuse for.
This, there's no excuse for.
And Rabbi Akiva, what did he do?
He brought the wrath of Rome back a
third time on Judea.
And this time,
Hadrian crucified hundreds of thousands of
Jews,
took every remaining Jew and sent them off
into the diaspora.
and demeaned Jews and renamed the land.
So your problem right now,
you've got people that are parading around
as Palestinians and a place called
Palestine.
And the world has just announced that it's
going to establish a Palestinian state.
Do you know where that came from?
From Rabbi Akiva's screw up.
That's when Hadrian renamed Judea,
Yehudah,
Philistina,
just as an ethnic slur because he was
that kind of a horse's ass.
And so now the very thing that you
are working against,
this myth of Palestinians in a place
called Palestine,
was all caused because Rabbi Akiva was
self-serving.
He didn't like the fact that he had
missed the arrival of the Messiah in year
six thousand on the Yobel year.
And so he made up a false Messiah.
And you can't figure it out.
Who was the Messiah he was replacing?
Dode.
I mean,
there must be a thousand references to
Dode serving as the Messiah and the son
of God and returning king whose throne is
going to exist forever,
who is God's chosen one,
who is the means to enable the benefits
of the covenant, who fulfilled Pesach,
Matzah, and Bekutim.
And yet not one of you figured it
out.
What's wrong with you?
And yet,
among religious Jews and secular Jews,
Akiba is regarded in the highest
particular standard.
And he is a direct parallel between Akiba
and the Holocaust.
And even Hadrian,
for a temporary period of time,
tried to rename Doge City, Yerushalayim,
Ayela Kapitalina.
Yeah, after himself.
Well,
Roman emperors considered the provinces
their personal estates.
So it's just astonishingly bad what he
did.
And by the way,
Hadrian left after torturing Jews and
renaming the province Hadrian.
He left because he and his boy toy
were officiates,
the leading officiates at the Dionysus
Easter party.
And so he went to Greece to celebrate
Easter.
Ishtar.
I mean,
it's just astonishing how bad this is.
And if you go a hundred years,
not even a hundred years,
but about seventy years prior to that,
who was the first person that called
himself a rabbi?
Paul.
Shaul.
First person to call himself a rabbi.
This is the very person that Yahweh,
excuse me,
six hundred and sixty six years before
Paul would write his first letter in fifty
two C.E.
to the Galatians called Shaul,
the plague of death.
and then talked about him incessantly in
terms of when he would arrive,
what he would say.
Even you've got Chaba Oxen,
is he out of his mind?
God, you can't die.
Men can't kill you.
And yet he's claiming that God died.
He's fixated with the male genitalia
because he's queer as he could possibly be
with his love of Timothy.
The only person here.
Timothy, the only man I've ever loved.
Yeah, I know Timothy.
Paul created this myth to denounce,
to rob, to create a counterfeit of David.
And it's the most popular religion in the
world is created by a Jew who was
trained as a rabbi to take Yahweh's
testimony out of context and misrepresent
it, misconstrue it,
to misquote it so that you could lead
people astray that weren't very smart.
And it was rabbinical training that made
it possible for Paul to write those
fourteen letters and create the religion
of Christianity by stealing the Messiah
and Son of God and Savior title from
Doe David.
It's just reprehensible.
But it doesn't even end there.
What's the religion right now that is
killing Jews?
Like, you know, it's a shooting gallery.
Oh, Islam.
Islam.
And if it wasn't for rabbis,
there would be no Islam.
Every reference to a character in the
Torah or the prophets that is in the
Quran is because rabbis and Yathrib sold
Muhammad Talmud stories.
And those Talmud stories,
many of them are just brought wholesale
into the Quran.
Some are twisted to serve Muhammad's
interest.
Some are
repeated eight ten times all differently
but a hundred percent of that information
came from rabbis selling muhammad talmud
stories and rabbis not tried to make a
buck there would be no islam today there'd
be no quran today no one have ever
heard of the warlord of uh of cabaville
it would have been unknown the only reason
it seems like a religion is because the
rabbis sold them one
rabbinic Judaism.
Why don't you give up on the rabbis?
That's my point, Jews.
That's the point of the song.
If you can't give up on the rabbis,
if you can't shed your lust for Judaism,
Yahweh will never return to you.
Never.
There's four chariots that are timed with
Teruah.
And the first one that leaves the city
of Jerusalem is black.
And its purpose is to pick up everyone
dressed in black,
every one of those that are still
Orthodox, ultra Orthodox, Haredi Jews.
And it's taking them not to a fun
festival.
They aren't gonna be dancing and bobbing
their heads and doing all the things that
they seem to love to do.
No, he's taking them to Sheol, to hell.
as you rightly as you rightly stated in
several recent podcasts christianity
without paul and rabbinical judaism
First of all,
there'd be no Judaism without Paul because
it was a response to what he did.
And then you go to the next step
where Yathrib,
which was a Yehudi town where the rabbis
were just being very greedy,
caused the problems.
I mean, it's insanity.
And when you mention the reality to
people,
it's as if you're talking to a stone
wall.
Yeah,
like the stone wall they like to pray
to.
And when I first met you in the
first few years, you had already written,
obviously, Prophet of Doom,
which just tomorrow,
even if it's better as it is now
than it was then,
that was still the best thing out there.
They said, OK, this is real.
They're really this bad.
You talked a lot about Hezekiah's story,
which anyone who is Yehudim would turn
around and say, well, guys, obviously,
religion is not a good thing and throw
it all out.
Right.
One hundred and eighty five thousand of
the best armed troops in the world have
surrounded your city at the time.
After all,
after they've already proven that they can
call everyone that was part of the
Northern Kingdom,
they hauled into slavery.
And now they've returned and they've
surrounded your city.
We're not talking about four thousand
jihadists in tennis shoes as they
experienced on October seventh.
We're talking about one hundred and eighty
five thousand of the best trained troops
in the world.
They had surrounded Jerusalem.
And the defense was,
let's celebrate Pesach, Matzah,
and B'Kurim as Yahweh intended.
Let's read the Torah.
Let's get rid of every trace of religion.
They should be able to read that.
The story says we need more time because
we need to get the loy trained on
what they're supposed to do during Pesach,
Matzah, and B'Kurim.
We've got to get rid of all this
religious junk.
And now what's the rabbinical response?
We need more religion.
And then the third thing I just,
if I may,
then I'll turn it back to you.
You wrote the questioning Paul by
translating Chubba Hooks.
And I'm going,
so every little duck in my row was
shut down real quick.
I said, okay, this is real.
I can't argue that.
And to this day,
no one can argue those things.
And that's, thirty-five books later,
they still don't get it.
I mean, I get really frustrated.
I just go, wow.
It is astonishing that we can't awaken
Jews with the truth.
I mean, they erased Yahweh's name,
and we have boldly declared we can prove
the proper pronunciation of the name.
And if you look at an intro to
God in Volume One,
which this would be Volume One of that
series,
demonstrate exactly how we were able to
prove emphatically that Yahweh's name is
pronounced Yahweh.
The initial proof was actually quite easy,
but we didn't end it there.
I went through every single word in the
Hebrew lexicon with a yod, a wah,
and a hey, and said,
this is how they're pronounced.
And there isn't a single name with a
yod, a wah,
and a hey that isn't pronounceable since
all three of those letters are vowels.
except they claim that Yahweh's name isn't
pronounceable, but there's, what,
two hundred and fifty names in the Hebrew
language that are based upon Yahweh's
name?
Yeah, let's just work off the prophets.
We don't have to go into every name,
but just the prophets is enough.
Yasha?
Yeah.
Well, Craig,
what did Yasha say when Moshe asked him
directly,
who shall I say has sent me to
the...
He did two things.
Yeah, he did two things.
The first thing he did is, yeah,
I was a very good storyteller.
Yeah.
You know, I know that my friend, yes,
I like to talk to me like I'm
a talkative stick.
And I know that I can make a
good long, a good short story long.
But.
I have good company.
Yahweh does too.
Yahweh didn't just answer the question.
What Yahweh did is give Moshe the answer.
And the answer is, I am, I was,
I am, I will be,
who for the benefit of this relationship,
I am.
And so what he said is,
my name is based upon the verb hayah.
And Hayah means to exist.
And the difference between Yahweh and all
of the many millions of gods that men
have made is that Yahweh exists.
He's real.
The one distinction between Yahweh and all
of those false gods,
including Jesus Christ and Allah and
Hashem and Adonai and you name them,
is that Yahweh actually exists.
And his name is based upon the verb
hayah.
And in hayah,
three of the four letters in Yahweh's name
are pronounced, are they not?
It is hayah, is it not?
Hayah.
So it's pretty straightforward precisely
who Yahweh's name is.
And if you said, well,
the wah is not there,
so why do you pronounce it Yahweh?
Well,
what book was it that Yahweh used to
introduce himself to Moshe and that Moshe
then revealed?
Torah, hello.
Torah, and well,
Jews are convinced that Torah is written
without a wa.
I'm here to tell you that if you
look at every place that Torah is written
in the Torah,
it has a wa in it,
and the wa is what gives them the
o sound.
Yeah,
one likes the verb and the noun shalom,
too.
And Jews love the verb and the noun
shalom.
It speaks of reconciliation,
bringing peace and harmony to a
relationship.
Too bad they don't know how to go
about that with Yahweh.
But nonetheless, the O sound and shalom,
it's from the law.
You know, that statement, Craig,
and then you follow up and look in
the Midbar Numbers five,
when you confront the rabbis,
What is their retort?
What is their response?
They haven't won.
Rabbis have absolutely no response.
They will try to claim that, you know,
out of respect for the name,
we don't say it.
What did Yahweh say about not saying his
name, not pronouncing his name,
not making his name an essential part of
your life?
I think last time I checked,
it was the third statement that Yahweh
etched on the first of the two tablets,
wasn't it?
It's the unforgivable...
Yep.
One unforgivable act that is negating
Yahweh's name and there's nothing you can
do to negate it more than to erase
it.
Loan the sock.
Yeah.
And so that's what they have done.
And so if I were to cite the
third statement that Yahweh etched in
stone regarding his name, and by the way,
Yahweh's name is written in the midst of
the instruction.
So you'd say, well,
you don't think that God knows how to
write his name?
You don't think that all of the times
that Dode and Solomon and Shamwell and
Yashaya were speaking,
that they didn't ever pronounce Yawa's
name?
Out of your mind?
So the whole language is pronounceable and
writable, but not the one name?
It is utterly absurd.
And that's why we named the series Yada.
Yada Yawa.
That's the name of the series.
And by the way,
how many times in the Torah,
Prophet Psalms and Mishal,
how many times does the name Yawa appear?
Seven thousand plus?
Yeah, seven thousand.
So you would have to say that God
was suffering from Alzheimer's or
something.
Dementia?
Christians have him suffering from
dementia because he doesn't know his son's
name.
He keeps on saying that his son's name
and the Messiah's name and the returning
king's name and the Savior's name and the
chosen one's name is Dov.
He says it over and over and over,
one thousand one hundred times.
Matter of fact,
but evidently God's really stupid.
The Christian God is really stupid because
he can't remember his name and he couldn't
make that Torah work.
So he had to have a murdering pervert
who was demon possessed to come up with
a different plan.
That would be Paul.
I don't think so.
And then you have,
so I would say rabbis want to call
Moshe a rabbi.
They want to say that, oh,
Judaism goes all the way back to the
time of Moses.
Moses was our great rabbi.
Moshe Rabbeinu, they call him.
Moshe Rabbeinu.
Yeah.
So maybe you could tell me where it
calls Moshe a rabbi somewhere in the
Torah.
Yeah, we're waiting.
Just like Abraham was the first Jew in
Hebrew.
I don't think so.
Abraham was a Babylonian.
He was a Chaldean, yes.
Well, Chaldean means Babylonian.
Absolutely.
From Ur,
which was Sumer and then became Babylon,
then became Ur and Sumer.
That's where he came from, Babylonian.
In fact,
all of the initial cast were Goyim.
There wasn't a first declaration of a Jew
is renaming Yaakov Yisrael and calling his
twelve sons Yisrael.
But prior to that,
the cast of the characters,
both on the male and female side,
were all Goyim.
And that's why Yahweh was returning,
just like he's returning us to the garden.
That's the big full circle.
We left the garden and six thousand years
later, we returned to the garden.
He started this story with Goyim.
He is returning to Goyim to conclude the
story.
It doesn't mean that he wrote Israel out
of the play.
It's just that Israel wrote themselves out
and he had to find a Goyim to
call Israel back because, well,
they're out celebrating Hanukkah and Rosh
Hashanah and Purim.
Go find those in the Torah for me,
huh?
You're Torah observant,
and you don't say Yahweh's name.
and you're celebrating lighting a
nine-candle menorah on Hanukkah.
You're celebrating Purim,
and you're celebrating Rosh Hashanah,
and you don't know that Passover was
simply the first day of Matzah.
Yeah.
I tell you, fellas in Aleja,
if I had my wish,
I would take all the rabbis and Christian
pastors and clergy and in Sheol,
wrap the Eighty-Ninth Mizmor around their
necks or put a dunce cap on them
with the Eighty-Ninth Mizmor.
We just finished a show today on Messiah
and Son.
and it was in the Ocean Studio,
and I went back through the first,
I think it's five statements of the
Eighty-Ninth Mismore.
And the first five statements of the
Eighty-Ninth Mismore,
with the Eighty-Ninth Psalm,
Yahweh was the speaker,
and he says emphatically that he enabled
the fulfillment of the covenant with Dode,
and that Dode was his co-worker,
that he chose Dode,
and that Dode is the chosen one.
and that Dode is the person through whom
he made all of this happen,
that he swore an oath to accomplish this
with Dode as his coworker.
And it completely obliterates the lies of
Christianity and Judaism and Islam.
And all three religions claim that
Dode was an inspired prophet and all three
religions claim that Dode,
that the Mizmor were inspired by God and
they were.
And yet the eighty ninth Mizmor by itself
completely obliterates all the credibility
of the Christian New Testament,
the Talmud, the Zohar and the Koran.
And the only way to say otherwise is
to either be ignorant or irrational or
both.
If you're Jewish,
why can't you figure that out?
Why are you waiting for,
because the rabbis told you that there's
an unnamed Messiah that's going to come
and that he's going to somehow be your
savior?
Why not just listen to what Yahweh had
to say?
He said that Dode's coming back.
Well,
Dode is the person that Yahweh anointed
three times as Messiah,
and he is the Messiah who is returning.
But the fact is,
there's virtually nothing said about a
returning Messiah.
What God says is that the king is
returning, and the king is Dode,
and that the seat of honor in the
kingdom of Dode will exist in all places
for all time.
So why are you fixated on a,
you can't even say the word right,
it's Masiach.
Why are you fixated on somebody that you
don't even know who they are and when
they're going to return?
You're off by a hundred and ninety-seven
years on your Mammonese calendar,
and you're clueless on the name when God
gave you the name.
And he's not coming back as Messiah,
he's coming back as king.
And by the way,
if you're still religious by that time,
you're toast.
You either be hauled off to hell, Sheol,
or your life will be expunged instantly.
We're out of time.
The next seven and a half years are
going to be rough.
Arguably, Mismore,
eighty nine is the most important Mismore.
But the amazing thing is with one
statement, with one verse, eighty nine,
three, that alone obliterates it.
And then you go on to see what
you've covered recently in, you know,
Mismore six and seven.
Oh, my God.
It's just every time you read anything in
the Torah and Prophets and Psalms,
it reinforces the exact same story.
And, you know,
it begins in the first chapter of Bar
Rashid Genesis with the greater and lesser
luminaries who are signs of the Moedim.
Do you know what the Moadim means?
Don't you?
Restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony and the appointed meetings.
That's what Moadim means.
How many Moadim are?
You're going to have to set down your
Arabic numbers in your nine candle menorah
to get this one right.
How many are there?
Seven.
Pesach, Matzah, and Mekutim.
Those are the spring Moadim, aren't they?
Don't fulfill them.
Don't open the doorway to life on
Passover.
He removed your religious guilt on Matzah,
and he made it possible for you to
be part of God's covenant family,
enriched and empowered by him on B'Kurim.
Done.
But not a single Jew celebrates it outside
of those who have read the Yadiyah series.
It's the single most important thing you
can do.
God actually says in the Eighty-Ninth
Mismar after he's gone,
over and over again by proclaiming how
important Dode is to our lives and that
he is the central figure in his story.
That he says, you know,
now that we know that Dode did all
of these things,
I'm gonna hold you accountable for all of
it.
So if you don't accept it,
if you don't acknowledge it,
God's not going to allow you into his
company.
This is how important this is and yet,
You have all these rabbinic sages all of
these years and not one of them figured
it out.
What in the world are they doing?
Trying to enrich themselves?
They're enamored with their own
pseudo-intellect.
Self-aggrandizement.
The term rab in and of itself is
disgusting.
It is.
Great one.
Yeah.
It doesn't mean teacher.
It means great one.
It means exalted one.
Rab is a common Hebrew word throughout the
Torah, and rabbi would mean I'm great.
And rab would mean great.
That's the direct translation of rab.
It means great.
And rabbi would mean,
would be the suffix would be from ani.
And therefore it would mean I'm great.
That's like Adonai is my Lord.
Rabbi is I'm great.
And no, you're not.
They were Trump.
They were basically Trump before Trump.
Yeah.
Well,
even deadlier and more betrayal-oriented
than is Trump.
Because no one has done more harm to
Jews.
And that's what that song was all about,
is that you need to break the chains
of this rabbinical curse,
this terrible curse of Judaism,
and the cultural identity that Jews
identify with it.
I mean,
they were on Bondi Beach in Australia.
I mean, listen,
there's no excuse for the Muslims that...
unleashed on them and what killed fifteen
and sent fifty to uh the uh hospital
uh you know islam is a reprehensible
religion uh and it's been killing jews for
fourteen centuries but why were the jews
there to celebrate hanukkah you know god's
got seven
He's got seven feasts,
seven times that he's inviting you to meet
with him to celebrate,
and Hanukkah is not one of them.
And by doing Hanukkah,
you are literally creating a graven image,
a religious monstrosity that corrupts
God's single most important symbol.
He's not happy with you.
And, you know,
the answer is Shub or no Shub for
you.
That's why the whole story with Hosha is
that you went off and became religious.
So I'm divorcing you for infidelity and
I'm not going to return to you.
I'm leaving.
I'm going to Shamaim heaven.
I'm leaving you and I will stay away
from you until such time.
As you return to me, you know,
Jews like to say, you know,
the only reason we're back in the land
and that we exist is because, you know,
Yahweh put us back here.
No, he didn't.
It's his responsibility to make sure that
some Jews survive.
But the reason the Jews have gone through
such hellish times is that God can't
stomach you at the moment.
He can't help you.
when you're religious.
Nothing he can do for you.
Oh, and I don't think it's a punishment.
He's just letting them, whatever happens,
happens.
That is correct.
No, he's not punishing them.
God is not the least bit bothered by
the fact that they have endured this hell.
Now,
he's going to hold the people that
perpetrated that hell accountable.
If you were part of the Inquisition,
you were part of the Holocaust,
you're part of what happened on October
Your soul is in deep doo-doo.
You are really going,
it's worse than going to Sheol because
it's gonna be recompensed before you go to
Sheol.
So he's gonna hold those who harmed his
people accountable.
But he is not crying over the horrid
conditions that Jews have been under for
the past thirty-five hundred years because
they abandoned him.
a few times they have said all right
all right we'll make up we'll be we'll
uh we'll get rid of the religion and
listen to what you have to say look
at the hezekiah moment i mean again there
were four thousand jihadis uh wearing
tennis shoes that perpetrated october
seventh and you compare that against a
hundred and eighty five thousand
of the best trained soldiers on the planet
who had previously hauled ten of the
twelve tribes of the northern kingdom into
oblivion and slavery,
and they're now surrounding Jerusalem.
Your retort isn't to call in the idea.
Your retort isn't to start praying.
It isn't to have the rabbis celebrate some
holiday.
The retort is to stop being religious and
celebrate Passover, matzah,
and un-yeasted bread.
And they all go away.
One night, one Moloch.
One night, one Moloch,
and they're all gone.
And you might say, okay,
that's just fairytale, didn't happen.
Oh yeah.
The king that had it happen to him,
he went back to Assyria and etched it
in stone.
He said,
I had him like birds in a cage.
I had him surrounded.
And then, oops.
So is the implication that they just
disappeared?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
They're poisoning.
Oh, they're poison.
I killed all the kill a hundred percent
of the hundred and eighty-five thousand.
They died instantly.
He put one Malak poisoned them all.
but there was no cleanup because there was
no discussion afterwards about all the
bodies and the and the stuff because they
went out and looked and there was nothing
there nothing i mean so nothing yeah
that's the best part right there yeah not
only is the army gone but there's no
cleanup afterwards there's no cleanup
afterwards yeah yeah it's uh it's and the
evidence of the story is not only in
the uh the torah and and prophets that
have consistently been correct
but also in the Assyrian steel.
We've had the story affirmed in its
entirety, dating right to the same time,
the same king, the same target,
the city was surrounded,
calls them like they were a bird in
a cage.
I had them surrounded.
Yeah,
so when the history is written by the
victors, you know, it could be, you know,
a little bit biased.
But when you get that history from the
losers.
When you lose a hundred and eighty five
thousand of your troops.
Yeah.
And you're now confirming, yeah,
that's what happened.
We were there.
It didn't it didn't work out.
I don't understand that power of Passover.
Passover, that strong medicine, man.
Yeah.
Maybe I'd like to ask our good friend
in the covenant, Leroy,
for shirts and hats.
It's basically time to become Yehud,
give up the Jew and the Yehudism and
the Judaism.
Yes.
Give up Judaism.
Give up the title named Jew.
You know when the first Jew lived?
No.
No, seventeenth century.
Seventeenth century is when the first Jew
came into existence.
Oh, the first one is,
with the whole J sound.
First letter J. Yeah,
it was between sixteen thirty and sixteen
fifty,
and that range is when the first Jew
came into being.
Why don't you look in the Torah and
find out what your real name is?
Just in time for Baal Shem Tov.
Yeah, Ya'ud is the name.
Ya'ud is an interesting name because it's
comprised of that God whose name you won't
pronounce.
And the king whose name that you've
corrupted and don't like either.
Ya'ud is a combination of Yahweh and Dov.
It means Yahweh's beloved.
I love you.
You know,
the stuff you can learn if you just
stop being religious.
You know, I was,
before we go into the,
back to the adulterous woman here, I was,
I've just finished a really in-depth
analysis of Yashaya's Seventeen.
And for those who don't know,
Yeshiga-seventeen is the foundation upon,
the prophetic foundation upon,
the very timeline and the play, indeed,
that we have been asked to fulfill.
And it gives the time that the government
of Syria would fall.
It gives the conditions under which the
government of Syria and Damascus would
fall.
And Damascus had been the longest
continuously occupied city in the world.
But it's specific that the timing is that
the government out of Damascus is going to
fall.
It's going to be terrorists that caused it
to happen.
And it's going to cause a great deal
of frustration that Israel is going to
bomb Damascus.
which they have done and going to do
again, and that after doing that,
that there's going to be a two-state
solution imposed on Israel where Israel is
going to have to forego its very heart
and going to create an Islamic state as
a result of this.
And then it goes through the events that
transpire after that,
the Shabuwa harvest of mature grain,
the Teruah gleaning of olives,
followed by the fact that there will be
other olives that are going to be
collected and protected in the crag by the
crag uh as the well he's performing as
the para as the productive bull on terua
and
As I was going through all of this
and going through the details of it,
I took every word and looked at every
etymological aspect of every word,
diagnosed every letter of every word,
because I really want to be sure we've
got this right.
We're making a lot of bold pronouncements
here in terms of timing and who's going
to do what to whom on these dates.
And by the way, the adamah parah,
this productive bull,
you know how it's written in paleo-Hebrew,
what it says about this individual?
The parah begins with a peh.
Are you familiar with the drawing that...
That's why Yashaya, who is my buddy,
called me an emir,
which is a talkative stick.
So, you know,
the Choder is saying Yerba Rose, but okay.
All right, so big mouth.
You know what the next letter is?
And par, it's a Rosh, isn't it?
What's a Rosh?
It's a big head.
So he's saying that this character who has
crags to protect this mortal remnant of
Yisrael has a big mouth and a big
head.
So Yash Yash calling you a talking head.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Then he adds one more letter because Bull,
there are so many just now beginning to
appreciate how words.
gain momentum when you add the hay to
them.
So for example, Adam becomes Adama,
which instead of just man is bloody red
man of the earth.
Etz becomes Etza.
So rather than just tree,
it's the ability to provide counsel on the
complete story to be the first to be
able to frame the entire portrait and
provide advice regarding the complete
picture.
It's going from etz to etza.
Well,
par also develops dimension when you go
from par, which is bull, to para.
And what you gain is that that bull
becomes fruitful and productive.
Now,
if you add the hay to the mouth
and the head, what do you get?
You get a whole body walking engaged with
Yahweh and respecting Yahweh.
So the bull, the para...
is a man with a big mouth,
a big head,
that's standing up and walking and
pointing up to God, isn't he?
I decided I was gonna be as thorough
as I could possibly be in all of
this.
Then once I presented,
this is God's end gathering.
These are the final two harvests and the
sacrifice of the Adam of Parah.
I decided to say, okay,
so the only argument that somebody could
possibly have about any of this was he's
talking about harvests,
a wheat harvest and a olive harvest.
That's all he's talking about.
We're going to celebrate them through
harvests.
And so I recalled, you know,
I couldn't recall where I had read it.
I just knew it was in Yahshua.
And so I decided I would use AI
to say, where is it?
And the prophet,
I went back to Isaiah because they don't
know who Yahshua is.
Where in Isaiah does it speak about people
disappearing and no one noticing?
And you know how many times I put
a variation of that in AI and how
many times it came back?
Doesn't say that anywhere.
Like, twenty.
Then I tried a different search engine.
Then I went from Brave to Google.
Same result.
Couldn't find it.
I said, I know it's there.
So I just started reading the entire book
of Yashica over again because I knew it
was there.
I found it.
Fifty seven.
It's where it is.
And this is what's really interesting
about it.
This is why I'm going to it now.
What it says is that there's those who
are correct.
It uses tzedak twice in the one statement.
Tzedak, which is the ultimate test.
You're either right about God or you're
not.
If you're right about God,
then you are correct.
You put yourself in a position where you
can be part of the same gathering.
You have to be sadak.
That's the thing that made Dode so
remarkable is he was right.
God, not looking for good,
he's looking for right.
Got it?
Think your way to it.
So it says those who are right,
they're gonna disappear.
And no one's gonna pay any attention.
No one's gonna care.
No one's gonna be able to make the
connection necessary to understand.
And then it says, those who are steadfast,
devoted, and loyal will be harvested.
It's a cough.
Be part of a harvest.
Will be withdrawn and received.
And no one will be able to comprehend
any of it.
And so two things were underscored,
and I found the conclusion I was looking
for.
First, the conclusion.
We are the harvest,
and we are disappearing,
and it's going to happen on Shabuwa.
We are leaving this world,
and those who remain are going to say,
yeah, I don't know what happened to them,
but something weird went on,
but we can't figure it out.
So with all of these thirty-five books,
all of these shows,
they're not going to be able to figure
it out.
The second thing is not only do we
disappear as part of that, a cough,
the harvest, but that our bodies vanish,
they're destroyed.
These just cease to exist.
So it's very much like it's reminded me
when you're talking about the,
the Assyrians,
the hundred and eighty-five thousand
Assyrians,
they were all poisoned by the Malak.
So they died,
but the poison that he gave them caused
them to dissipate into nothingness.
Physical body's gone.
And our physical bodies will be gone.
We're not taking them with us.
I mean,
you can't get into the fourth dimension,
much less the fifth or the sixth
dimension,
much less enter Shamaim in the seventh
dimension with a physical body.
The body's got to go.
But I can definitely speak for you,
Captain Kirk.
You're going to be happy to jettison
yours, aren't you?
Yeah.
And I think Rich over here,
he's going to be happy to jettison his.
Yeah.
I'll just limp along till we get out
of here.
That's right.
We're getting it.
We're getting it right to the very end.
But our physical bodies,
our physical bodies are gone.
We have no use for them.
That doesn't mean we'll never have a
physical body again.
But we're going to be able to claim
a physical body when we want it,
how we want it, where we want it.
at any time that we think it's beneficial
to us and then be free of them
again.
But it definitely says,
because people have asked, well,
what happens to our bodies?
They disappear.
They're gone too.
So they don't disappear and they come with
us.
They're left behind and disappear.
The other part of it that was just
so interesting to me because prior to
December of last year,
I had thought once covenant,
always covenant.
That's not true.
And we learned it wasn't true through
Miriam, didn't we?
Miriam was called a prophetess because she
led the woman's chorus during the Song of
the Sea,
which is after the children of Israel
crossed
The Red Sea, and by the way,
they've got another expedition now that
also verified Ron Wyatt's findings that
there is the land bridge off of Nueva
Beach,
and there's a bunch of Egyptian chariot
wheels and swords and all that that's
there,
verifying the timing and the route and
everything else that really should be
obvious.
But yes.
Oh,
so that means the Bible's been proven
correct now, right?
Yeah.
Well, not the Bible, but yes,
but the Torah.
It doesn't really take that to prove the
Torah correct.
There are a few hundred thousand proofs
prior to that one.
know i can't get beyond the my favorite
well the favorite one was when god said
let there be light and uh and we
realized that light energy was the first
thing that was created he actually used
the term big bang uh he uh actually
said that uh there would be huge
reservoirs of water worse with where
starch gestation would take place and
We have recently in the last year found
these enormous oceans of water and space,
if you will.
Everything that he said,
but my favorite happens to be that the
creative process took six,
twenty four hour days.
And he uses Asher as a word for
relative.
And he presents this view from the
position of the creator at creation.
And it's actually six,
twenty four hour days.
And, you know,
we finally got around to launching a probe
called the Wilkinson probe.
And it measured with the the static.
that we were picking up on one of
our radio telescopes,
which they couldn't figure out what it
was.
They thought it was pigeon poo.
And they finally figured out that's the
background radiation that's still
emanating out of space
Well,
it was really Big Bangs as opposed to
Big Bang.
It was the universe was not created in
a singularity,
but in many different places
simultaneously.
That's what the Webb Telescope has
recently determined.
And so...
If you take the time dilation,
time dilation,
time moves at different rates depending on
the relative to the observer around great
energy, great mass, great velocity.
And you recognize that we now know the
dilation of time at the Big Bang,
which is stretched ten to the twelfth
power.
So if you describe,
divide fourteen billion years by ten to
the twelfth power.
You end up with six,
twenty four hour days.
Well,
and you can speculate just an exponential
curve.
I mean,
that's this is one of the first
discussions we had back when I was still
the devout atheist guy.
I mean,
this is literally like two thousand two or
three or something like that.
It's a long time ago we had this
discussion where I was playing devil's
advocate for myself, saying, right.
Well, it could be a day.
And actually, with relativity,
from the perspective of one observer,
it's eighteen billion years.
Another one, it's six days.
Yeah.
And right now we know exactly the time
dilation at the big banks is ten to
the twelfth power.
And I'm here to tell you,
I've always assumed, and I was correct,
that the universe isn't thirteen point
eight billion years old.
And I've made this claim twofold.
One is that time doesn't flow until energy
coalesces into matter.
Right.
Where there is only energy,
time doesn't move.
So the time,
while the universe was cooling enough for
quarks to coalesce and form matter,
It's time from the creator's point of
view,
but not time from our point of view.
We can't even reckon it.
The second is that they use the wrong
number for cork confinement.
There were three different numbers that
were available.
They chose the most extreme number,
making the universal Genesis time the
shortest it could possibly be.
And the middle number comes out closer to
fourteen and a half to fifteen billion
years old.
And I've always said that if you look
at the nature of quarks and the like,
and then you look at the universe,
like there are stars like Methuselah.
is a star that's fifteen billion years
old.
So it's really hard to have a fifteen
billion year old star and a thirteen point
eight billion year old universe.
But my other point was that because of
the expansion of the universe and that
part of the universe now is actually
moving away from us with the expansion of
the universe faster than the speed of
light,
which means that everything towards the
edge from where we can see it,
anything that's moving away from us now
faster than the speed of light
we cannot perceive because the light can't
get to us.
And so that means that what we're looking
at in terms of the known edge of
the universe now is not the edge of
the universe.
It's just as far as we can see
because of the expansion speed,
the further you go out,
it expands further.
One of the things that's also interesting
is the universe is expanding at the exact
same rate in every place simultaneously.
which destroys the notion of a
singularity.
And so we now know from the Webb
telescope that there are thirteen and a
half, that we can perceive,
thirteen and a half billion year mature
galaxies.
Not possible.
You can't coalesce stars and then have
them revolve around a black hole and form
a galaxy in that short a period of
time.
And so the universe is, in fact,
closer to fifteen billion years old.
And that's what they're going to come to
eventually.
The math of ten to the twelfth power
actually works more accurately,
closer to fifteen billion years.
And so I've always thought that was the
case.
But the fact of the matter is the
Tor does a wonderful job of demonstrating
its accuracy and
These harvests,
God's really clear as to the fact that
it's only the devoted and loyal,
those who have shown resilience.
Eternity is a really long time.
And so one of the things that God
made really clear with Miriam,
this once covenant, always covenant,
is that that's not right because she led
prophetically the woman's chorus after
crossing the Gulf of Aqaba.
And it was not even three days out
of Choreb where she got full of herself.
She started bad mouthing Moshe's wife,
demeaning Moshe's wife and attacking her
viciously.
And then she went to Moshe and said,
you know,
we have a problem with your wife and
therefore we also speak for God.
You're not the only one that speaks for
God.
And she went with Aaron.
And so, Miao intervened.
I said, look, listen, sweetheart,
we're in a little chat here.
When I choose somebody to speak for me,
they speak for me.
And the reason I chose this guy here
is because he's responsive.
There was no one else that was responsive.
I asked him and he responded.
That's why I chose him.
Now,
When I choose somebody,
they know they've been chosen.
And not only do they know they've been
chosen, you know,
and everybody knows they've been chosen
because I make it really clear who I'm
choosing to work with and it's him,
not you.
And so I'm just gonna lay it on
the line for you.
It's as if your father spit in your
face.
You are so revolting.
You are now stricken with leprosy.
You are banished from this community
So,
and the last mention we have of Miriam,
guess what?
She is pronounced to force,
and where was she buried?
At the water of Meribah.
Meribah is where she was buried.
And Meribah ties right into our story.
So first of all,
Miriam went from a prophet
to exchange from the covenant,
which means, no,
if you're gonna be part of God's family,
you need to stay the course.
Eternity is a long time.
God doesn't wanna say, okay, well,
halfway through eternity,
you can't really have halfway,
it's infinite,
but let's just pretend that a few million
years from now, you decide, yeah,
I wanna flake out.
That's not going to work.
God's looking for if you can't stick with
it now and be steadfast and loyal,
then I'm not interested in it.
And that's what Miriam proves is that
you've got to stick with it.
You've got to be steadfast and loyal.
And so Miriam is buried at Meribah.
And would you guys know anything that
happened at Meribah?
What's the story?
Oh, yeah, there is.
That's actually the end of the story.
The beginning of the story is after being
belligerent in every which way and being
Miriam,
which speaks of all the various ways you
can be embittered and cantankerous with
Moshe and with God.
They come to Meribah,
and they're complaining about water.
And Yahweh's not paying any attention to
them at this point because he can't stand
them.
Moshe's just trying to get them to the
promised land.
God just says,
all you got to do is get them
there.
I got a couple of fellas that are
going to take it from there.
An El Dode, the Almighty's Dode,
and my Dode, which is the...
support man for Yahweh's beloved.
And so he gets them to Meribah where
Miriam is finally buried.
She's so toxic that we talk about the
waters of Meribah is the most embittered
of all places.
And so Moshe said, oh my God,
they're at it again.
They want to kill me.
They want to go back to Mitzraim.
They're just impossible.
What am I supposed to do?
And God said, it's real simple.
They want to stone you, right?
So there's a rock out there, a crag.
I want you to go talk to the
crag.
You tell the crag, what I want, crag,
is I want water.
Go out and do that for me.
I'll take it from there.
So the crag was supposed to produce water
to resolve this problem.
What does Moshe do?
Don't whack the crag.
He whacked the crag.
And God said, no, God,
I'm trying to tell you a story here.
There's going to be a lot of water
that's going to come from this crag.
And that water is going to resolve,
guess what?
the crankiness of Meribah.
I'm gonna wash away the crankiness of
Meribah by releasing water under this
crag,
and all I ask you to do is
talk to it, not hit it.
Satan is the one that's supposed to hit
it, not you, Moshe.
Satan's gonna hit the crag.
We're gonna have water that's released
under the crag,
and it's gonna resolve the waters of
Meribah.
I'm telling you this story.
I'm telling you the story.
It's now in Numbers XX.
And God's already explained the answer in
Numbers nineteen and five about the
adulterous woman.
So he's already given Moshe the answer.
And he whacked a crack,
not supposed to do that.
In fact,
if you're out there right now and you're
hashtagging my name to whack a crack,
probably a really bad idea.
Now, God didn't get mad at Moshe.
This idea that God had a tizzy fit
and said, oh,
now you're not going into the promised
land.
That's not what he said, actually.
In fact,
what God did for Moshe is the thing
that Moshe wanted most of all.
He left a crag and he was relieved
from duty.
That's what he wanted.
That's all he wanted.
And God didn't just relieve him from duty.
He gave him a flying carpet tour around
Israel.
of the promised land.
He saw every bit of it from an
aerial view.
He literally took Moshe and said,
we're going to go fly.
I'm going to show you all of it.
I'm just not going to have you.
You're not going to have to endure these
malcontents anymore.
We've now washed away the bitterness of
Meribah.
We've come up with a plan to do
it.
You just need to talk to the crag.
He's the chatty one with the big mouth.
The big head.
And the big head that is named... Craig.
Craig Wynn.
Yeah, that's... Yeah, the... Craig.
Craig.
My name is Celtic for crag.
That is what my name means.
So, crag is not a bad thing.
And by the way,
the seventeenth chapter of Isaiah that's
setting all this up says that the mortal
remnants are being protected by the crag.
It was also the parah,
the guy with the big mouth,
the big head,
that's standing up and pointing to God.
With that in mind,
knowing that the crag is supposed to be
the one who resolves this waters of
Meribah,
let's return back to the story of the
adulterous woman, who, by the way,
has nothing to do with a woman and
nothing to do with adultery.
In fact,
it's not even called the adulterous woman,
but that's how Numbers five is known.
It's all about Israel.
continuing to be religious and God saying,
I'm bringing back my son and my son's
king.
And my son,
for him to be a king,
you have to have a kingdom, right?
And that requires people.
And his people happened to be Jews,
Yehudim, Yisrael.
And they're all religious,
which means they aren't worth a crap.
So we gotta figure out a way to
clean them up.
He wants them back.
I want my son to have a kingdom.
And so we've got to clean them up
before we reenter Ganyden or it's not
going to be worth a darn.
What's the purpose of going back into the
garden if you're going to carry all this
trash in with you?
And so that's the purpose of this story.
And number five is that Dode wants his
people back.
He wants his bride back, Israel.
But they're filthy.
And so God says, okay,
I've got a plan to resolve that.
Just don't...
Hit the damn crag.
So he will have, by the way,
it's going to be quite obvious here that
the waters that were released from that
crag are the same waters that are gonna
be released from the Temple Mount of
Jerusalem during the sacrifice of the Adam
of Parah.
And they're gonna have exactly the same
effect.
Stories fit together pretty nicely,
don't they?
Over and over and over again.
He's really good.
God's a great storyteller.
You just have to take the time to
open your mind and say,
what is he talking about?
Who are the characters?
What are the symbols he's using?
And what is going to happen when?
And when you know it,
the pieces all just fall together.
So then...
the way that uh that handsome fellow over
there that in the yellow shirt that is
uh that is joe for those who um
have heard joe's voice because he did so
many of our uh radio programs through the
uh the years uh you know my wife
well yeah under yoel yeah my wife left
the uh the hot seat there uh and
uh she's always thrilled to leave the hot
seat there and and uh uh
allow Joe to be part of this program.
But this is my good friend, Joe.
We've only been friends for about.
Ninety six.
Ninety five.
End of ninety five.
That's literally thirty years.
Thirty years.
Like almost today.
It was just before Christmas that I flew
out to California or just after Christmas
or whatever.
Yeah.
Spring.
Neither of us were celebrating it,
but yeah, that's just true.
Going back, uh, I went out to California.
Yeah.
That was value America.
And since I've only been doing this now
for twenty four years,
that was six years before that.
Uh, I began this, um, this process.
It was amazing that our first three years
together was pretty darn amazing.
The three years after that was also, well,
if you want to know the story,
it's on the website.
You took the book in the company.
It's positioned at yadaya.com.
If you want to know Joe and my
story together, Joe is...
other than myself,
I would say is probably the second key
player in that story.
We tell the story through Ken Power's eyes
because we wanted to write the story like
Moby Dick as with the first person
narrator.
And so Ken becomes the squirrel that we
reveal the story.
I actually wrote the book.
Ken taught me how to write and we
used Ken as the narrator.
But the most important player other than
myself in that story is Joe.
joe right now is just finishing the
publication of our books we've made a
couple of minor tweaks on them uh today
and uh the last of them will uh
will be uh out at amazon uh probably
tomorrow and then so all thirty five uh
of them are available um you know for
you to uh to be able to buy
and um
Matter of fact,
we've got another three of them.
Oh, they're down on the floor here.
Another three of them arrived today,
but they've been available for some time.
I just live out here on an island,
and the canoe can only paddle so quickly
to get Amazon shipments here,
so it takes me a little longer.
You could probably order them and get them
in two days,
and I ordered them and get them in
two months.
But nonetheless, they're all available.
So this is Joe.
We're going to start working on the
website and improving it starting
tomorrow.
So it's always good to be able to
work with a friend.
And Joe, as a Jew,
I think with probably you and...
And Dr. Jeff were both Jews,
both early witnesses to what we were
learning.
And you can both testify to the fact
that it didn't begin with the floodgate.
It began slowly, you know,
one revelation at a time,
one insight at a time.
And it's been twenty four years of
constant learning and constant insights
with the last six months and year
providing more insights and understanding
than probably the twenty some odd years
prior to it.
Yeah, I think it all kicked off.
I think we were having a long talk
in your car right outside your carriage
house.
Yes.
And we were doing Prophet of Doom.
And I was the devout atheist,
just hate of religion,
saying I'm all over this.
But then we started to get into some
of the Christian talk.
And I said, I'm
No, no, don't like any of it.
Don't like any of it.
And you were saying, are you nuts?
And you were telling me about all these
other things I should consider.
And I said, you're right.
I can't counter anything you're saying.
But the one thing I can't stand is
the idea of love me or I'll torture
you forever.
And I said, unless you can fix that.
And then like a week or two later,
you said, you know what?
I fixed it.
it's not just those two.
And then all of a sudden that turned
on a switch for you in a big
way.
And for me, like, okay,
I'll open my ears a little bit.
Yeah.
To be, to be exact,
I had recognized long before that time
that,
that I was writing the prophet of doom,
that Paul was a complete fraud.
So I knew Paul was a fraud.
What I did not know.
And I,
and I realized there was no Jesus,
but I figured maybe the name was just
wrong.
And it was, I, I,
yosha or something of that nature and that
the life was more consistent with the
torah teaching and so you're you're trying
to feel your way through this process you
grow up in a culture uh that is
so indoctrinated with christianity it is
difficult to you don't start by saying
well it's all a lie you start by
i know this part's untrue and i know
this part's untrue and maybe i can make
this part somehow consistent it takes a
while before you're able to say oh wow
the whole thing was untrue
And now here is the truth.
And it's really marvelous.
But so that's where we were.
And what I found out is actually our
good friend, Ken, who is now passed away.
But Ken wanted to write a book because
I had moved from
in the company to Tea with Terrorists,
and then I was writing Prophet of Doom.
And as I was making that transition,
and now that Prophet of Doom is now
the five volumes of Goddamn Religion,
and Questioning Paul is the five volumes
of Twistianity,
they've also grown in information.
But as I was doing that, Ken,
was wanting to write a book of,
he wanted to cover every prophecy and the,
every single, yeah,
he wanted to cover every single prophecy.
And so for some reason,
he began with the book of Hosha, Hosea.
And he gave me his first four or
five chapters to edit.
And I was a neophyte translator at that
point.
I was just beginning the process.
And I started looking up the words.
And I said, Ken,
these translations are really terrible.
It doesn't say this at all.
And he was trying to justify Paul's
letters through what Hosha was writing.
And I said, it doesn't work that way.
No, they're completely inconsistent.
But as I said, what I'll do, though,
is I'll rewrite it based upon words.
kind of a fledgling process of translating
at the time.
I remember that.
Yeah.
And I'll rewrite it.
It was hilarious.
And I said,
I'm going to retitle it because what
you're talking about really is future
history.
So let's retitle it future history.
And then I'll create a amplified
translation.
And that's how I came up with this
style that we still use to this day
and an amplified translation.
And I began to do it and I
ended up rewriting the whole thing,
gave it to Ken and
Ken says,
I can't argue with any of this, but,
you know,
I still like leading the choir at my
church,
and I just don't know if I can
give that up.
You're not going to sell a lot of
books.
Yeah,
not going to sell a lot of books
with this attitude either.
It's like Jerry Falwell, you know,
what you're saying is right,
but there's no money in what you're
saying, so...
We're not going to go for it.
So anyway,
one of the things that I learned in
Hosha is that Hosha is very clear.
Now,
I found it reaffirmed in probably five
hundred places since that time.
But Hosha was really clear that there are
three outcomes for human souls and that
the vast majority of people,
when they die,
don't go to heaven or hell.
There is no reward or no punishment for
them.
They were given life.
And they're given free will and given
every opportunity to do what they wanted
to with their lives.
And if they did not know Yahweh,
He does not know them,
they didn't do something horrendous to His
people or engage in something that was
horribly misleading and counterproductive,
then at the end of their life,
their souls simply dissipate to
nothingness.
No reward, no punishment, no nothing.
Totally fair.
God's not saying, you know,
love me or I'm going to torture you
forever.
No, he's just saying,
if we don't know each other,
then there's really nothing I can do for
you beyond your life.
And so at the end of your life,
your soul simply dissipates into
nothingness.
People have a wonderful or a terrible
memory of you, depending on what you did,
but that's just it.
And then if you have been active in
leading people astray,
you've been super religious,
super political,
and you've led people astray,
you've harmed people,
there has to be a consequence for that,
otherwise I'm not being fair.
And so those people do go to a
place of separation,
but there's no fires and no torture there.
It's just an eternal place of separation.
And for those who accept what he is
offering through his covenant,
relationship family relationship uh if you
accept what he's uh offering and act upon
it and uh realize what he is expecting
from us in return which are just five
things and avail yourselves of what note
did in fulfilling the spring mcgray then
you can live forever with him
Pretty good deal.
But those are the three options for human
souls.
And I remember when I first found it,
I found out that not only did it
resolve the issue that Joe had,
but I remember taking that to Jerry
Falwell, who's my good friend at the time.
And I said, Jerry,
do you ever realize that not only is
this true, but it has to be true.
Because if God said you're going to
capitulate to me and obey me and love
me, or I'm going to torture you forever,
he's not lovable.
He's not even worth knowing.
He's sadistic.
You know,
this is like Allah in the Quran.
No, it can't be that way.
And here's proof that it isn't.
And he says, no, I've never,
never heard of that before.
No, I'm not going there.
Why?
Because you can't sell a religion unless
you can threaten people that if you don't
pay me money and capitulate,
I'm going to roast you.
Tuition hell.
You scare them into it.
And you tell them, no,
don't worry about death.
Don't worry about the fact that you're
having a miserable life.
Don't worry about the fact that everything
we're telling you is a lie.
Don't worry about it because you'll have
another life and the other life will be
really swell.
give up everything for this life,
well to me,
but give up everything to this life and
your next life will be really swell.
That's how you sell religion,
you can't sell religion otherwise.
So, you know,
he didn't have any interest in it,
but in fact, that's all true.
And so, yeah,
I remember we went through that process
and ever since we just,
every day was a new insight.
Sometimes they were a week apart,
sometimes a month apart,
sometimes now they're hours apart.
What you kind of jumped over is the
very beginning of you working with Ken on
Future History, which became, I guess,
when he took it back over, I think,
and renamed it Future Truth.
Anyway, it was your first edits.
He gave you a seven-page, half a chapter.
And Craig's edits came back like, fifty,
sixty pages.
And then he did that three or four
times.
And you had two hundred forty pages of
edits.
And he just said, Craig,
write your own damn book.
I'm going to go and do mine right
here.
In fact, he just published all the books.
You recall one called The Zob, Separation?
In fact,
it's right down there on the floor,
right there.
Yeah, separated from you on the floor.
Yeah, right there.
Top book.
You see this book right here?
Yep.
This is my edit.
of uh of ken's work this is the
first book of value america it didn't of
of uh i'm thinking about uh our
relationship with uh with joe here this is
the first book that became yada yawa it's
called azab from beginning to end it is
my translation and commentary on hosea so
uh whatever it is uh uh seven hundred
pages
Just a quick commentary.
What did God say about that?
He's got a big mouth, a big head,
and stands up and points to God.
Well, there you go.
Seven hundred pages in my edit of my
good friend.
I was committed all the way back then.
I'm going to go over the words later.
This is what the words say.
Let's go where the words lead.
And if it says that there are three
destinations for human souls,
then there are three.
And I decided, you know,
there's enough prophecy here where God has
foretold things that have been recorded in
the Dead Sea Scrolls that have
subsequently come true well after we have
written affirmation that this is what he
has said.
to know, in fact,
that these books were inspired by someone
who isn't constrained by time.
They're not predicting the future.
They've seen the future and just simply
reporting it back to us,
which becomes obvious once you understand
the nature of light again.
On a photon of light, time is.
So you can perceive the future
before it occurs and go back in time
and... Record it.
Yeah, record it.
You have to be a little careful in
that regard.
One of the things that I've talked to
Joe about a lot is that we'll be
able to maneuver in time.
That's only partially true.
You can't go back before US energy
existed.
Energy can't go back before it existed.
Well, that's part of the truth.
But the other part of the truth is
that anything that happened on this planet
prior to the time that we are released
from our bodies and therefore can maneuver
in time.
we can't interact with anything that's
previously happened.
So if you were to see dinosaurs off
a velociraptor killing a brontosaurus and
you felt sorry for the baby brontosaurus,
you can't intervene.
You can't change the past.
So God may allow us, if it's productive,
to view what's happened in the past.
So I think it would be interesting to
see dinosaurs roaming the Earth.
But we can't change the past.
Change the past,
terrible paradigm things happen.
It's one of the more interesting things
about light.
Light has a constant speed and nothing can
go faster than the speed of light.
Light actually is the governing factor of
the universe.
physical particle moved faster than the
speed of light, it would, of course,
generate so much inertia,
it would be larger than the entire
universe.
It would take all of the energy in
the entire universe just to accelerate a
physical particle to the speed of light.
But you can never go past the speed
of light.
And what scientists have determined,
if you were to go past the speed
of light,
you would be able to go back in
time.
And if you go back in time,
then you've screwed up the entire
paradigm.
You could actually get
effect to precede cause and you would
unravel the universe so there is
absolutely no possibility whatsoever that
we will ever go faster than the speed
of light but that's just fine because one
of the things that i that they are
now confirming which i've known for a long
time
That if we were here and the edge
of our galaxy, the Milky Way,
is a hundred and forty thousand light
years away from us.
And, you know,
the far reaches of the universe for us
are across the universe is ninety four
billion light years.
So it would be forty seven.
billion light years from where we are to
the edge of the universe as we know
it.
And if you were traveling the speed of
light, you would say, well,
it would take forty seven billion light
years to get there.
But light that left a star.
That is the edge of the universe.
You know how long that star has that
light has traveled from that light
perspective.
No time, no time, no time, no time.
It is from the time that it leaves
to the time that it arrives at any
one place, no time has transpired.
So if you take time out of the
equation of speed, speed means, you know,
speed is distance over time, right?
If time is zero,
you can get anywhere you want to and
no time.
You know,
when you said that the other night,
I went out,
and I let the dog down in the
front, and I got a flashlight,
and I'm going, okay,
the light got from there to there,
like so,
and that light from the moon right above
me, it took...
You know, years.
No,
the light from the moon traveled from
reflecting off the face of the moon to
your eyes.
One point three seconds.
Yeah.
It's eight minutes.
It's eight minutes from the sun.
Right.
I think it's like is eight minutes from
the sun.
And from the moon,
it's one point three seconds.
That's one of the issues of Mars,
by the way,
one of the reasons that it's just so
difficult to fathom humans being there,
because you want to have a conversation
of, oh, by the way,
our spaceship landed upside down.
What do we do now?
From the time that you communicate
something, it could be upwards of.
twenty minutes before it's received at
Earth.
And then they've got to process what you
said and they've got to give you an
answer.
And that answer takes twenty minutes to
come back.
You're the absolute minimum amount of time
in a conversation is separated from.
Hi, Joe.
Right now, it's forty minutes.
If Joe if Joe is right there listening
and he's Johnny on the spot,
it's forty minutes before.
Hi, Craig.
What do you want to talk about?
Another forty minutes goes by.
Interesting.
Made for a tough podcast.
Yes.
What is important to recognize is that we
just sent out a, well not,
fifty years ago, we sent out Voyager.
Voyager is coming up close on one light
day away from Earth.
One light day.
Not one light year.
Took fifty years.
So I did the math.
and another seventy thousand years,
if it was pointed in the right direction,
which it's not,
it's going the opposite direction,
but if it was pointed in the right
direction, another seventy thousand years,
Voyager would arrive at the closest star.
Seventy thousand.
more years if it was pointing in the
right direction would finally arrive at
the nearest star and there's nothing
around that nearest star oh they're
claiming now that there's a there's a
planet but it's a red dwarf and red
dwarfs are so unpredictable so uh uh so
crazy and their performance there's no
chance there's life there but nonetheless
that's how long that so you realize that
we're we live on this perfect globe that
is perfectly tuned for life
And there are a thousand criterion that
are necessary on our specific planet to
make life possible.
And we can't get anywhere off this planet.
I mean, we've been to the moon for,
and I think we had one group that
was there for three or four days,
but it's deadly there.
No one's gonna stay there on the moon.
And the moon is still in proximity to
us.
Going to Mars?
we may as a vanity project send somebody
there to die but no one's going to
live there and come back it's impossible
and so here we are on a on
a perfectly tuned planet for life and we
have this universe of two trillion stars
each with hundreds of billions of
two trillion galaxies,
each with three to four hundred billion
stars a piece,
each with countless planets and moons.
And we can't get to any of them
unless we shed our bodies.
And so what's the story in Yahshua?
They shed their bodies, they disappear.
That's what this harvest is all about.
And it's those who are right and those
who are devoted and loyal.
So I think we had actually started to
read numbers five.
So then he will have passed over him.
This is speaking of Dode.
He's the groom that wants his bride back.
You know, Sukkah is also a Tupac,
which is a wedding pavilion, right?
So Dode comes back as king.
There's going to be a wedding.
He's going to pick.
He's going to have the most beautiful
woman in the world representing Yisrael.
And there's going to be a wedding
ceremony.
Then he will have passed over him a
zealous spirit seeking exclusivity in the
relationship.
Dode's already gone through one coup.
He does not want to endure another.
So you gotta get the bride cleaned up,
seeking exclusivity in the relationship.
And by the way,
we're not talking about monogamy here.
Dode had how many wives?
How many concubines?
Ten?
Eighteen.
From my count,
that may be seventeen too many,
but nonetheless, dude had eighteen.
God didn't have any problem with him
having eighteen.
So it's not about monogamy.
An eighteen is definitely not monogamy.
Yeah,
but it's not that he did everything right
or whatever.
Just because he did it,
there's a lot of shit he did that
But if he did something that God didn't
like, God immediately said,
we're going to have a little talk about
this.
And Doug says, okay,
what I did was wrong.
And now I got it right.
Having
eight wives and uh and ten concubines was
never ever brought up by god as being
a an inappropriate thing the only thing
that god ever said to dote about his
uh eight wives and ten concubines uh was
that the way that he acquired the last
one was wrong he had his um general
who often fight a war that uh risked
his life and he died in that war
and dote
married his widow.
That was Bathsheba.
And Yahweh said, nah, that wasn't cool.
But he tried to get him.
He explicitly wanted him to die.
Came back the first time and wasn't
that... Well, no,
he sent him off to the battle and
it wasn't a guarantee he was going to
die.
But yeah,
clearly the strong inference is yes,
that's what God anticipated.
And God said, that's not cool.
That's just not cool.
So they actually had a little time out.
Time out.
But it wasn't over the number.
It was just over the process on this
one.
So when this is saying that Dode has
a zealous spirit of seeking exclusivity in
the relationship,
not talking about monogamy.
He's talking about,
I don't want another damn coup.
I don't want a rebellion.
God says,
I don't want you to be religious.
And so it says that he will become
passionately zealous,
desiring the undivided attention of his
female companions.
but she has defiled and sullied herself.
This means that she's still religious.
And this individual should come with this
female of his to the priest who is
now Elia in our story.
he should bring a contribution to approach
regarding her.
And it says it's a tenth measure of
barley flour.
Why?
Dode fulfilled, pisak, barley, pisak,
matzah, and bakudam.
Bakudam is a barley harvest.
And so bakudam is when you become family.
And so you're going to have the barley
harvest.
He says, without pouring the oil on it,
because at this point,
he doesn't want the bride to become
immortal with the spirit and to be infused
with the benefit of the oil,
because this bride is going mortal into
the restored Garden of Eden.
And no frankincense.
frankincense covered over the odor,
a bad odor.
It was designed in ancient days to be
used because they didn't have good
hygiene.
They didn't have the kind of things that
we have now to mask odors.
And God says, no,
I don't wanna mask the odor.
Israel stinks to high heaven.
we're going to fumigate the place,
but not with frankincense because I'm
going to build a fire under the sacrifice
of the Adam of Parah.
And that smoke is going to be the
smoke that resolves this.
We're not covering it over.
I want the people to smell what's going
on here.
I want them to have full appreciation of
it.
And he says,
because a gift of desire and passion
Well,
the smoke of that is a gift because
I am offering my body for this particular
purpose.
Now,
it's not a big deal in the sense
that my body's not worth anything at that
point anyway,
I'm happy to get rid of it.
But nonetheless,
it's not gonna look that way because it's
gonna be bludgeoned.
It's a gift of desire and passion for
him.
It's a gift of remembrance.
It's a zikaron.
It's a gift from a zikaron.
You guys know what zikaron means?
Rememberable man.
Yeah, zikar means man.
And as a verb, it means to remember.
And on means all things pertaining to.
And so this gift of desire and passion
that is resolving this is coming from a
zikaron.
A memorable man.
That'd be a guy that got talked a
lot about from the beginning of the story.
Maybe starting in Barbara Sheath Genesis
one and bringing him up again in two
and bringing him up again in three.
Well, through the story, Zikaron.
My wife wrote a song called Zikaron.
To be mindful of, Zikar,
just in case you didn't know what Zikaron
means, he reminds you with the verb.
So it's a title, then it's a verb.
A gift of the memorable man to be
mindful of what?
What is the zikaron,
the adamapara resolving on behalf of this
adulterous woman on Teruah?
Her guilt.
So to be mindful of her guilt,
the liability of religious corruption.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
He named one of his prophets after
Zakaria.
Yes, he did.
Yeah.
Zakaria.
And he should approach.
So then it says that he should approach
with her.
Pursuant to the role of the of the
priest,
it'll be Elia at the time to present
her standing, not bowed down, standing,
the two of them standing side by side.
to approach the presence of Yahweh.
Why?
Because Yahweh's coming back on Kippurim,
and she's gotta get unreligious.
The guilt's gotta be resolved by the
sacrifice of the memorable man.
Prior to Yahweh's return with Dode on
Kippurim, that's only ten days away.
So she's standing there, present,
ready to be purged of her guilt.
So before the approach of Yahweh.
Then the one acting as priest, again,
that's Elia,
should obtain the set-apart water and a
clay earthen well vessel.
The set-apart water and a clay earthen
well vessel takes the right reader back to
the story of Elia when he made a
name for himself.
Elia was taken by Yahweh.
for this very moment.
It will be exactly Fortiobel,
eight hundred and eighty-eight years
separating these two events,
two thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight years.
And at the time,
Elia had three times told everyone that
was there to take water and earthen
vessels and to drench everything that's
beneath the sacrifice of the bull.
So we're right back to the water and,
and clay earthenware vessels.
Now, this next time,
it's not going to be in earthenware
vessels.
It's going to come up from the earth
as a torrent of water.
So to obtain a set-apart water in a
clay earthenware vessel,
and the priest will obtain from the
pulverized ash and dust,
which for the benefit of the relationship
has come to exist
within the flooring of the tabernacle.
Now where's the tabernacle gonna be on
Teruah?
Right there on the Temple Mount.
So are we gonna have a flooring of
the tabernacle to get some ash from?
Because where is the Adamah Parah gonna be
roasted?
Where is the burnt offering going to be
made?
The altar right there in front of the
tabernacle for the whole world to see.
Right there.
So where do you want to get the
ash?
Right there.
So pretty much tying these stories
together.
And by the way,
we came to this story because Yahweh ended
the story of Eden.
Telling us and Chawa and Adam and Hasatan
that in the end,
you're going to have a choice.
You can either
Return to the dust of the earth from
which you came.
Ashes to ashes kind of thing, you know,
dust to dust.
Or you can return by way of the
ash.
He's now explaining how you return by the
way of the ash in case you just
don't want to dissipate back into the
earth.
All right, so the pulverized ash and dust,
which for the benefit of the relationship
came to exist within the flooring of the
tabernacle,
and he will place it as a gift
in the water.
In other words,
this is a freewill offering that is being
made by the Adam of Parah,
and it's going to be immersed in enormous
amounts of water when Yahweh releases this
torrent of water from beneath the rock
that is the Temple Mount.
Don't strike the crag, though.
Talk to it.
It'll produce water.
The one,
my guess is that Yahweh was going to
say, okay, Craig,
come forth with the water.
He's probably not going to add one more
blow.
The one acting as the priest will present
the woman standing before the appearance
of Yahweh,
then he will release the woman's head
along with her toxicity, her gall,
her venom, and her bitterness.
Place a gift.
on the palms of her hands as a
sacrificial offering of the zikaron.
Please say gift, right on our hands.
Of the zikaron, this memorable man,
apportioned as the sacrificial offering.
He's talking about the sacrificial
offering of the bull who's now
roasted as Yahweh lit the flames with
Elia,
two thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight years before,
surrounded by all this water,
God's going to ignite the flames beneath
the carcass of the Adam of Parah,
going to mix the ash with water.
Flames will be leaping up to the heavens,
the smoke billowing.
Place it in her hands for this is
a gift from the memorable man,
the Zacharon,
for exclusivity in the relationship.
And in the hand of the one acting
in the role of priest,
they will choose to have the waters of
vexing and provoking bitterness, ha bar,
of the curse of harmful consequences
expunged.
This is where it gets washed away.
So don't hit the damn crag.
The crab is gonna release waters.
And now the waters of that crag at
Meribah that were so embittering for the
Jewish people who still stain their souls,
it all gets expunged right here at this
moment when the curse of the harmful
consequences are gone.
The mar of embitterment of Meribah.
when Yahweh releases the waters and it's
mixed with the ash and collected from the
temple mount under the tabernacle.
How's that for coming full circle in this
story?
We just want to bring it together because
this is our job is to, you know,
you can know the story,
which not a lot of people know,
and you can understand the story.
And once you understand the story,
that's when it makes a difference.
That's when it can transform your life.
The one acting in the role of priest
will have her swear an oath and make
a solemn promise to earnestly affirm the
truth regarding herself at this moment in
time.
And he will say to the woman,
if a person has not lounged with you,
and if you have not hung around with
them and gone astray, turning away,
to that which is filthy and defiled.
Under this person, you are released,
you're pardoned, you're innocent,
you're free, it's purged,
it's gone from the waters.
You are released from the waters of the
vexing and provoking bitterness,
the waters of Meribah.
From the curse of harmful consequences.
Numbers five, nineteen.
I don't know how you get any better
than that.
God's bringing the whole story back
together.
This is the resolution.
You know,
the book that no one ever wants to
talk about.
Numbers, right?
Whoever talks about numbers.
And here's the whole story in numbers.
All made out for us.
Now the story of the waters of Meribah
is in Numbers twenty.
The story of the Adam of Parah providing
the sacrifice is in Numbers nineteen.
This is in Numbers five.
Now the story of Moshe giving up on
the people because they were so
belligerent is in Numbers eleven.
The story of Miriam being the very essence
of Meribah,
is told in Numbers twelve,
where she was the one who came up
to Moshe, impugned his wife,
and then said, we too speak for God,
and he says, no, no, you don't.
Yeah, you know,
when we had the mother goddesses that went
astray and off their own way,
and they say, we too speak for God,
and God said,
I'm
You know, here one evening I said, okay,
how do you want to handle this?
Do whatever you want.
How do you want to handle this?
And he said, you should know that already.
He said,
you've told the story of Numbers five.
You've told the story of Numbers nineteen.
You know the story of the adulterous
woman.
You know the story of the waters of
Mirabal.
What comes between them, young man?
That would be Numbers twelve.
Go read it.
And he says, then respond accordingly.
That's when God said, yeah,
if you speak for me, you know it.
And so does everybody else because I've
made it really clear.
They should know it because I've made it
really clear.
And I choose people because they're
responsive.
Not a lot of people respond to me.
I chose you because you're responsive.
So now go report that.
And then go report what happens to
somebody that says we too speak for God
because God says I spit in her face.
I struck her with leprosy.
I estranged her from the Covenant family,
and I divorced her.
And oh, by the way,
this whole episode of the water of
Zamirba, that is the result of this.
And I've got a plan that's going to
resolve it,
and you are the one who gets to
resolve it.
Just don't hit the damn crack.
Talk to him.
Yeah, Wookie.
Wookie says, wow.
Wookie says, that's a great story, man.
I love that story.
What a great story.
He's wagging the crag.
He is wagging the crag, man.
Marion would have been better off if she
was a death leprosy.
Yeah.
But man, isn't this just an,
it's one of the most profound things.
I remember I was just a few hours
ago,
Joe and I were in my study and
we were,
we were just finished our final tweaks to
the books.
And, you know,
I'm thrilled that how beautifully these
have, have turned out.
And we were talking about it.
And I said, you know,
let's talk about what happened in the
waters of Mirabon.
We were having a conversation about,
he said, yeah,
Moshe hit the rock and God precluded him
from going into the promised land.
I said, it's close.
He struck the crag when Yahweh said,
I want you to talk to it because
if you talk to the crag,
he's really talkative,
he'll respond by releasing water.
And that's what's going to purge this
problem.
And so you don't hit it,
you talk to it and the water will
come out.
It will purge the waters of Meribah issue.
And as for you Moshe,
you're relieved of duty and I'm gonna go
and give you the best ride of your
life.
I'm gonna show you the promised land and
every aspect of it.
We're gonna fly over it.
We'll hang above it and see it as
long as you want.
And then he brought him to Shamaim.
His job is done, he's retired.
I got a couple of guys.
They're going to take it from here.
You don't worry about it.
I got him.
And he didn't fly on a winged barrage.
No, no.
The story is just so...
It's comforting.
It's just Yahweh.
He's got a sense of humor.
It's, you know,
who would have thought striking the crag
would be such a big deal?
But then here's Moshe or Yashayan,
he's talking about that remnant of Yisrael
that survives to Teruah.
They're protected by a crag.
And it's this...
rock that releases this water he says
that's the top of the temple mount all
purged of all of the islamic rubbish the
dome of the rock disappears the alaska
moss disappears the restoring the the
tabernacle the restoring witness reappears
the ark of the covenant reappears
The two witnesses, including Dode,
who is the expert.
Dode is the only person who has actually
done all this.
He's gonna be master of ceremonies of an
event that he has orchestrated,
having done so,
two thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight years prior to this moment.
He's doing exactly the same thing,
also serving as the master of ceremonies.
And why did God choose him?
Beside the fact that he exposed and
condemned the religious establishment of
Israel.
That's what he was doing there.
repudiating the prophets of Baal the Lord
and the prophets of Asherah,
the mother goddess.
So he's there repudiating them and mocking
them while roasting a bull with God
igniting the fires and him providing the
waters.
What was the reason that Yahweh said,
okay, as soon as he finished that,
Yahweh took him?
And he was told in the last chapter
of the last prophet that Yahweh was
bringing him back for this purpose.
Why did God pick him besides the fact
that he was practiced?
He was the only person that's actually
rehearsed all of this.
Because we're going to get it right.
We're not going to get a double,
a mulligan here.
We don't get a second whack at this.
We'd have to get it right the first
time.
And the only guy that's actually rehearsed
it before is, oh yeah,
but what was the other reason?
He's just fun.
He's snarky and everything.
And what it tells you is,
guess who else is snarky?
Yeah.
I happen to know he's snarky because every
time that I want to have a little
discussion and say,
can we try it this way,
I get snark.
Yep.
God's sarcastic, you know.
Sarcastic is intelligent humor,
and he's really smart.
And he likes humor.
Elia's blood has to be shed as well,
the goat.
Yes.
And as we all know and we've discussed
before, Elia is Yaa's favorite prick.
He is.
Yahweh's favorite prick.
Yeah, when explaining the waters,
of course, that come out of Eden,
he says, you know,
Eden is well watered and there's four
leaders,
four Rosh that come out and the four
Rosh are Moshe and then Dode and then
the prick.
elia and when we say prick we just
like in the last the last four is
the para which is the adam of para
that was the last of the four leaders
that come up that's the uh adam of
para the uh the bull and so uh
when he was describing elia he referred to
him as the prick but not as you
know we have
pejorative now we have our own little
definition of prick and we all giggle and
everything.
But what Yawa was referring to is you're
the one that provides the jab.
You're the one who has that thorn that
can goad into the religious and political
that are such a problem.
We're trying to get their attention and
get rid of them.
And you're the perfect person to goad
them.
And so he referred to...
our buddy Elia as the prick,
as the thorn.
It was going to pop their balloon,
if you will.
So yeah, God's got a sense of humor.
He named Elia a goat.
I get named a bull.
No, Dode's a ram, and to some degree,
he is also the lion of Yehudah,
a very noble creature.
And he's a lamb.
This is the story.
And I don't know how we can top
what we've just considered here in Ba
Midbar Numbers five.
And it doesn't matter where you turn.
The story is repeated and reaffirmed.
It's always the same characters.
God's got a cast of characters.
He found a group of people that were
reliant on him, who would listen to him,
who
had a gift of gab and would be
comfortable talking to his people,
and that they would see it through,
that they wouldn't quit.
They would show the resolve to see it
through, which is one of the reasons,
guys,
I became so enamored with what we learned
in our most recent study of Eden,
is that Chawa didn't bring upon the fallen
man, and it wasn't Adam either.
It was Yahweh.
And he acknowledges that he caused the
fall of man,
and it becomes abundantly clear as to why,
because he tells us what he expected from
Adam, what he expected from Chawa,
and then what his consequence was to Adam
and Chawa was that you now get to
do the very things that I had asked
you to do.
And it brings us all back to this,
can we demonstrate to Yahweh that we're
worth his attention and that we can earn
his trust?
Because that's what Adam couldn't do.
Adam was supposed to be observant.
He was supposed to listen.
He was supposed to engage and make a
contribution.
And he was supposed to be reliable respond
based upon what he observed and heard.
And he flunked all of those.
And Yahweh even says that he was lethargic
and there was no resolving him because in
that sheltered garden,
there was no way for Adam to grow
up.
He was too coddled.
Food was just handed to him.
There was nothing to overcome,
no challenges to use to grow, no failure.
And so Adam was just uninteresting.
unreliable unengaged made no contribution
and so god said this is not going
to work and it's never going to work
if we're staying in this damn garden and
so god backed away the whole reason he
gave adam chawa says it's not good for
you to be alone and pal i'm leaving
you and so
then when you know they came time to
say well this is the consequence of what
you've done because you've prematurely
taken the fruit of the tree of knowledge
before it's ready to be handed out the
tree of knowledge brings you back to the
tree of lives the tree of lives hadn't
done its thing yet that's dode fulfilling
passover
The tree of knowledge is not only what
gives you access to the tree of lives
once the tree of lives has fulfilled
Passover, but it also provides a barrier.
It keeps those who don't belong away.
It says,
these are the rules of the road.
You wanna take advantage of the tree of
lives?
You follow these instructions.
And so they preempted the tree of
knowledge and were not ready for it.
Hadn't done the work.
You can't munch down in a few hours
time enough knowledge to be able to be
given access to a tree of lives.
It's had to become itself.
I've been doing it for twenty four years,
ten, twelve hours a day, six,
seven days a week.
And I'm just now really putting all the
pieces together.
It takes a lot of time and a
lot of devotion and a lot of thinking,
a lot of learning to develop.
Worthwhile fruit.
from the tree of knowledge that will lead
us back the appropriate way to the tree
of life so that God can allow us
to have it again.
And so the whole purpose of restoring
Eden.
And Eden is restored.
During Teruah,
while all of this is going on with
the sacrifice of the Adam of Parah,
the flames are lit, the ashes collected,
the water is released,
and all of the people who can benefit
from it,
the goyim who are not overtly religious
and overtly political are brought into
Jerusalem to benefit from it.
All the Jews around the world who are
not overtly religious and political are
brought in to benefit from it.
And at the same time, everybody else
is incinerated,
just expunged from the earth.
And then God terraforms the earth back
into the conditions of Eden.
And it's going to be a big chore
because man will have almost destroyed the
planet.
There'll be nuclear war and all sorts of
horrible things are going to transpire.
And God's going to restore the earth back
to the condition of Eden.
Then on Yom Kippur, the groom returns,
Dod, his king,
and returns with Yahweh and the great
homecoming and family reunion and
The mortal remnant of Yisrael and these
goyim who have benefited as well are all
there watching this great event transpire.
And they're purged of their guilt so they
can actually witness it.
And then God's reopening Eden on Sukkah,
which means protected garden.
And the reason that we're going back and
getting a fresh start is everybody there
will have known Yahweh and have enough
knowledge that can be deduced at that
point over fifteen days.
That's how young they're going to be.
They're fifteen year old babies,
but with a new opportunity.
and they will enter Eden and they're now
going to have the chance with us working
to teach them, guide them, lead them,
set examples for them to actually listen
to Yahweh, to actually be observant,
to actually make a contribution.
Don't be deadbeats, work at it,
make a contribution.
And then when they make a mistake or
Stumble.
Show that they're capable of getting up,
learning from the mistake,
growing as a result of it.
Show Gawa that you're interesting,
you're worth listening to,
that you can be trusted and relied upon,
that you're steadfast and loyal.
Those are the ones that are going to
be harvested.
So God's not making an exception then.
And we have a thousand years to get
them right.
Because what the promise is,
is that while Eden was a protective
enclosure conducive to life,
so was the earth.
Particularly when the earth is restored to
conditions of Eden.
And so the earth now represents Eden.
And we have a thousand years on earth
in this environment that's conducive to
life to show our maker that we can
be trusted to be taken off this planet.
That we're good enough listeners,
we're observant enough that we'd be
entertaining explorers.
And then if we make a mistake,
we're gonna learn from it.
so that God can trust us to take
us out of three dimensions through four,
five, six, and seven dimensions,
explore this universe with him,
and that he knows he can rely on
us, he can trust us,
he can have fun with us,
he can enjoy our company.
And that's the purpose of us going back
to Eden for a thousand years,
is to demonstrate that.
It's not for everybody,
the people who make this Shabbul and
Teruah harvest will have already earned
that right.
And we will continue to earn that right
because we're going to be the teachers
distributing the fruit over the next
thousand years.
So, you know,
God's not taking us past where we are
for us to be deadbeats.
He's not looking for dependence.
He's looking for people who are going to
make a contribution, who want to work,
who want to learn, who want to explore,
who want to have fun together.
And so we're going to have the opportunity
to keep this job for a long time.
We have job security.
This is our job and it's our job
for a very long time.
And that's what we're doing because at the
end of it,
then those who are not part of the
Tarua and Shibuya harvest are now going to
be prepared so they can be trusted off
of this sheltered and protected garden and
allowed to explore the universe.
And you're going to have to be really
on your game to do that because there's
a lot of dangerous things out there.
You could really mess stuff up.
God doesn't want you to mess stuff up.
He says,
I'm gonna write a set of instructions
inside of you that you're gonna have to
process them intelligently.
And I don't think people have an
appreciation for what happens when you go
beyond three-D.
We're three dimensions stuck in the
ordinary flow of time.
Every time you increase a dimension,
the opportunities and the responsibilities
and the choices increase infinitely.
to go from three to four dimensions is
not a twenty five percent increase.
It's an infinite increase.
It's just like if you were on flat
land like Mickey and Minnie Mouse and you
were given the opportunity now to be three
dimensional,
the increase in opportunity and scope in
choices is infinite, infinitely larger.
and we're gonna go through three to four,
which is infinitely larger, four to five,
five to six, and six to seven.
It's not even a rational number to talk
about multiplying the infinity to the
fourth power,
but that's essentially what's going to
happen.
And I've seen enough and read enough about
what would happen
if we as a species, as we are,
we're exposed to the fullness of time,
fourth dimension.
And what they say is that the noise,
the light,
the choices would be so overwhelming,
we would just turn to goo.
We do not have the processing capability
to deal with it.
And that's just going from three and a
half dimensions to four.
So God really does have to be careful
with us.
And the whole purpose of the human
experience was to get some people with
whom he could enjoy showing off what he's
created.
He created a universe of two trillion
galaxies with hundreds of billions of
stars, with planets,
and he wants to show it off.
He wants to share it.
And ultimately,
once we've explored this one,
He said,
I'm going to create a new one and
you can be there with me.
So to be there,
we're going to have to show that we're
worthy of that.
And worthy,
we don't have to be like God,
except for the fact that we are like
him in the sense of observant,
good listeners, responsible, engaged,
willing to work, being dependable,
steadfast.
And if you make a mistake, and God,
by the way, has made mistakes,
learn from those mistakes.
I know it's uncomfortable for people to
hear that God can make a mistake,
but he can't.
We can all do it.
And God's beloved son made his share of
mistakes,
but that is what made him so remarkable
is he made a mistake.
He admitted it.
He learned from it.
He grew as a result of it.
And when you fall and you get back
up,
you demonstrate that you are trustworthy
and dependable.
And if you're never falling and get back
up,
then no one knows whether or not you're
trustworthy.
Well, we have gone well past our time.
or two hours of family hour.
If you have a closing comment that even
Rich, you've been really quiet over there.
The only one that's really talkative right
now is Asher.
I'll shut up and give you the floor,
but the story I wanted to tell was
the one we just got revealed about the
waters of Meribah being resolved by the
waters that are released under the ash of
the Temple Mount.
under the crack.
I just want to say that... Go ahead.
I'm sorry,
I don't want to cut you off, Joe.
I wanted to say that it's really,
this pivots around the tree of knowledge
that leads to the tree of lives that
Yah ends up calling you, Yadah,
great the lesser luminary is great and he
also calls him a son and that you
are going to end up being a prince
to the king reflecting his brilliance
that's what the moon does reflects the
sun's brilliance and that that's that's
how it's going to be and that all
the individuals who have ears to listen
eyes to see and have any sense of
intelligence and uh an asama conscience
should be appreciative and thankful.
And that's just how I see this.
And Jeff,
it's kind of a mixed bag here in
the sense of, yes,
God did call the lesser luminary great
along with the greater luminary,
obviously.
And he also referred to the tree of
knowledge, the etz dayat,
as the choder when he's describing the
choder in Yeshigah Levin.
He specifically says that he's etz dayat.
But, you know, keep in mind,
the sun is brilliant.
It's this huge,
big source of energy out there.
And the moon,
all it does is reflect the sun's light.
And the choder is a stem.
suffer and so you know we well it's
wonderful to be trusted by god enough to
be written into his story to the point
that you're willing to make a sacrifice of
this nature on behalf of his people and
he trusts you to do it that you're
going to see it through and you know
that feels neat that the creator god of
the universe wrote you into his story and
he trusts you to carry out what he
has laid out for you and you know
you're going to do it but
you know,
we're still recognized that Dode's the
one.
He's the son.
He's the Elion,
all the influence of God in our presence.
And we get to support him as king.
And that is actually the best possible
outcome for us.
Because as I have shared many times,
that there is something far better than
owning a fast airplane and a luxurious
yacht.
Being a guest on it.
Yeah.
Or having a fancy home.
And that is having a friend,
having a friend that is responsible for
those things.
Yeah, that is.
And that's our situation with Dode.
Dode has the fastest airplane,
the biggest, nicest yacht.
And he's king of the universe.
He owns it all.
And we get to hang out with him.
He's got all the responsibility.
We get all the opportunity.
It couldn't be a better situation for us.
But we need to know where we are
in this order of things.
Yes.
Yahweh clearly associated with the soul of
Dode going way, way, way, way back.
And so Dode is the one,
he's the chosen one.
And we're, this is our, our role.
And, you know,
it's being the tree of lives was
hard-earned.
He had to fulfill Pesach and Matzah to
become the tree of lives.
And, uh, and he deserves our,
our respect and he's the guy in it.
And wouldn't you know that the tree of,
of knowledge is the first one to ever
figure out that Dode is the tree of
lives, that he is the greater luminary,
that he's the one who fulfilled Passover
opening the doorway to life.
It makes perfect sense, doesn't it?
Yeah.
And the same person that figured out why
Moshe couldn't strike the dead gun crack
and where the water really is going to
come from and how it ties in.
What were you going to add there, Joe?
I was just like my thought exercises of
time.
We talked about that a lot today.
It's time at some point will stop.
Like the entropy in the universe,
everything will be far enough apart that
there will be no matter potentially and
therefore no time.
So at that point,
like what happens to Sheol?
Like eternity stops being eternity.
You just are.
Or does eternity stop at that point?
And then you create new universes and new
galaxies.
That's really smart.
What did he say in the book of
Yahshua?
And Yashaya is the textbook for where we
are.
You want to know where we are,
how it's going to work out.
That is a brilliant question,
which is not a question, it's a statement,
is that the universe as it currently
exists is ultimately going to die.
Things get so far apart that the energy
is lost and matter dissipates and there's
nothing.
It's just dark.
And so what Yahweh said is that I'm
going to create a new one.
And you're going to be there when I
create a new one.
So this one,
and we don't know if he'll play it
out all the way to that.
I don't think he'll play this one out
all the place of non-entropy,
but he might.
Time doesn't matter.
Right, time doesn't matter.
Yeah, right.
Pet a billion years, it doesn't matter.
Time doesn't matter.
But what he wants is when time doesn't
matter and you have the fullness of time,
that you need a way to make it
interesting.
And the most interesting thing we can do
is explore and learn and enjoy a
relationship.
And so that's what we're gonna be
celebrating all this time.
And the most interesting experiment of all
would be creating a universe and authoring
life in it, wouldn't it?
And so we're gonna get to do that.
But before we get to do that,
God wants his king to have a kingdom.
And that's more than just the current
covenant family that's going to be
harvested on Shabuwa and Teruah.
And so there's Goyim and Yehudim that are
going to be brought back into Jerusalem to
benefit from all of this so they can
go and clean into the Garden of Eden
as it's restored.
And we can help them earn this
opportunity.
And this is what God wants.
Sounds like a good plan to me.
I'm happy to do it.
I'm enjoying it.
You're in, too?
You're on board, too?
I'm on board.
We're all on board.
Yeah.
It's to die for.
It is to die for.
It's the greatest life insurance policy in
the universe.
Leo wrote my funeral dirge the other day.
I think I shared it on one of
these programs.
It's a beautiful song.
But it is my funeral song.
And I said, well, that's to die for.
God, it is really sad.
Boy,
you listen to your own funeral song and
you go, ooh, this is very real.
Yeah, it's...
I don't even want to contemplate.
I've seen it.
I mean,
it's the only time that Yahweh said,
now that you've figured out the role
you're going to play,
the least I can do is show it
to you.
And so he actually revealed what it's
going to all look like,
how it plays out.
And it's quite the sight.
That's why I keep on calling it the
greatest show on Earth.
What happens on Taru is going to be
genuinely magnificent.
So what do you think there, Mr.
King of the Cables?
You know, I tease you when I ask,
how old are you?
And the more we get into this,
obviously two people in the garden.
Wasn't a tree.
Yeah.
and your perception of how we're supposed
to interact with time and not interact.
Once again, I would have to ask you,
how old are you?
When Yawa revealed the fourth day of
creation and spoke of the greater and
lesser luminaries and the role they would
play as signs for the Moedim,
which is we are the two people that
actually fulfill Moedim.
I do it fulfilled.
I fulfill.
We fulfill together,
although it's his day.
And we work together through Sukkah.
And so we are the two that serve
as the signs of the Moedim.
For God to have known that and to
say that this process begins on the fourth
day,
which is your
Charles B. Four thousand yeah, which is.
Charles B.
window to fill piece like monster with
like for him to describe that during the
creation account tells you that he knew
us.
Charles B.
anywhere from the point that he's telling
the story.
Charles B.
or the point that he's arranging for this
to happen so it's either.
You know, ten billion years ago.
Well, actually not.
The fourth day would be more like five
billion years ago.
It's either four or five billion years old
or six thousand years old because those
two trees aren't trees in the garden.
So he's known us for a very long
time.
Like we talked,
I think there's a handful of special
souls.
Yeah.
that have probably been around a very long
time.
Probably have.
I think Moshe,
when Yahweh reached out to Moshe,
that wasn't their first meeting.
It certainly wasn't Yahweh's first meeting
with Moshe.
And when he told Shamuel, no,
none of those sons of Yeshe,
go down to Bethlehem.
He's down in Bethlehem.
He's eight years old.
You'll find him there.
And when Yahweh spoke that way of Dode
and said,
this is the one that I have chosen,
and I've chosen it for reasons that you
can't even fathom.
And it meant that that was not the
first time that Yahweh and Dode met,
is when he came up from Bethlehem.
I can assure you of that.
It becomes the only logical explanation.
Yeah.
I think it's, uh,
I think it's quite true.
And I think it's, uh,
it's an explanation to why it's, uh, uh,
it's,
we did this and we did that during
creation.
I wasn't alone.
He's, um,
he's chosen some people he thought he
could rely upon.
And none of those people were, um,
particularly, uh, special, um, ordinary.
reasonably ordinary people.
I think all three probably had a
reasonably fast processor.
I think all three had more than the
ordinary depth of character.
All three had to prove that they were
reliable, dependable, steadfast,
but all pretty talkative.
That's for darn sure.
But yeah,
I think God chose those three right from
the beginning and that his known
known them for a very long time,
and I think I would throw Elia into
the mix.
You listen to the conversations with
With Noach,
I don't think he had to know Noach
before Noach made the decision to separate
from the Nephilim and made Noach
approachable.
And Noach became the example of somebody
that listened to Yahweh and did as Yahweh
instructed.
And that whole story of the eight people
talks about these eight thousand years to
prepare us for leaving this planet safely
with Yahweh.
But I don't think he had to know
Noach
before.
Adam and child didn't work out.
And so there was no reason to think
those souls existed previously.
And Abraham and Sarah,
not the sharpest responses, in fact,
really inappropriate responses all the way
through the process of the narrative of
the covenant.
And if you look at Yishak,
there's nothing there that was
particularly special.
yakub was a disappointment the first
twelve sons were all disappointments so i
don't think there's any reason to uh to
include any of them and then the prophets
god basically said this is what i want
you to say and
Under that basis,
you do have to be smart because God
wants you to filter it through your words
and to work as a conduit of his
voice.
So it's a tough damn job and you're
very, very unpopular.
Nobody likes to hear what God has to
say.
But I don't think that those,
with maybe the exception of Yashaya,
Yashaya is pretty extraordinary.
And then, you know, Dode clearly,
You know, God even talked about Dode.
He says, you know,
I've known you way back, way, way back.
I chose you to do this.
Yeah, I think that those souls,
I can't prove it.
We aren't.
We are given knowledge of what we've done
before because clearly it was El Dode and
my Dode.
It was the greater and lesser luminaries.
It was the tree of Chayim and Dayat.
the Choter is given the seven spirits of
Yahweh.
It's proclaimed two thousand seven hundred
years ago.
The whole presentation of what happens
when the children of Israel had to have
a fresh start to be considered for the
promised land.
And God says, well,
this is how I'm going to make it
happen.
There's going to be a
a ram, a bull and a goat.
And this is what they're going to do.
And ultimately it's the bull's
responsibility to prepare those who are
guilty by omission, not commission.
So we can return and restore this
relationship and enter the promised land.
He's told the story every which way that's
possible.
And so here we are.
And then Yashaya is the ultimate blueprint
of the whole thing.
But who would have thought that numbers,
numbers was the answer sheet.
Well,
I think the issue is that you call
it numbers.
When you call it ba-mid-bar,
when you call it questioning the word,
then you're like, hmm,
maybe I should dig a little deeper here,
huh?
Yeah.
Ba-mid-bar is the actual term.
It means ba is with,
and dabar is word.
And when you preference dabar with the ma,
it means to ponder the implications of the
word.
So with pondering the implications of the
word comes this kind of knowledge.
And that's what the book is actually
entitled.
It's just like the book called Exodus is
not called Exodus by God.
That's a Greek word.
It's called Shemot names by God.
Why?
Because he introduces his name and there's
other names that are introduced to all of
which have meaning.
And, you know, the,
the first book isn't called Genesis.
It's Bob Rashid in the beginning.
And,
It just goes on from there.
The last book,
which is the one that Moshe reveals,
isn't called Deuteronomy Second Law
because there is not one law,
much less two.
It's called Dabarim, words.
And Kara, which is called Leviticus,
it's not called Leviticus by God.
It's called Kara.
And Kara means to invite and to welcome,
to call out.
To meet with?
To lick my toes.
Yeah.
All right, so.
Kara.
This is Kara.
Kara is very wiggly, wiggly, wiggly.
So busy is Kara.
Look at that wiggly dog.
And Kara's a boss lady.
Wookie is doing his best to corral Kara
and say, you know, you're the girl,
I'm the boy.
You need to understand how packs work.
But it's it's it's good luck with that.
You know, it's yeah.
Good luck.
He's doing his best,
but it's it's a lot.
And he's so sweet with her, you know,
Carl wants Carl's, you know,
is insatiable in terms of eating.
And what you'll find is that you can
have my food.
OK, you know.
Can't have my Tuesday,
but you can have my food.
And we'll play with her for hours on
end.
But, whew.
She is a boss lady.
So,
thank you all for making this a wonderful
family two and a half hours.
Thank all of y'all.
Good night.
Shalom.
Peace.